Vite-based React implementation (#129)
supertokens/create-supertokens-app: boilerplate/frontend/react/README.md

Reviewer: Noticed in the video reference, you stumbled a bit with the command to run the project. We can add a command section to the readme docs just so it's clearer.

##  Commands

All commands are run from the root of the project, from a terminal:

| Command                | Action                                           |
| :--------------------- | :----------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`          | Installs dependencies                            |
| `npm run dev`          | Starts local dev server at `localhost:3000`      |
| `npm run build`        | Build your production site to `./dist/`          |
| `npm run serve`      | Preview your build locally, before deploying     |

Author: This should go in the root readme perhaps - these changes are specific to jus the react boilerplate.

#### SuperTokens

The full configuration needed for SuperTokens (the frontend part) to work is in the `src/config.tsx` file. This file will differ based on the [auth recipe](https://supertokens.com/docs/guides) you choose.

If you choose to use this as a starting point for your own project, you can further customize the options and config in the `src/config.tsx` file. Refer to our [docs](https://supertokens.com/docs) (and make sure to choose the correct recipe) for more details.

## Application Flow

The application uses [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) for routing and consists of four main parts:

1. **Entry Point (`main.tsx`)**

    - Initializes the React application using `createRoot`
    - Renders the main `App` component within React's `StrictMode`

2. **Root Component (`App.tsx`)**

    - Initializes SuperTokens with the provided configuration (generated by the CLI)
    - Sets up the routing structure using `react-router-dom`
    - Wraps the application with necessary providers:
        - `SuperTokensWrapper`: Manages auth state and session

>         - `ComponentWrapper`: Provides auth UI customization

Reviewer 2: we could note that this is only required because we want to show a notice about sms delivery.
As an alternative, this could show a customization in other cases as well, and then we could say this is there for that reason.

    - Defines three main routes:
        - `/`: Public landing page - accessible regardless of auth state
        - `/auth`: Renders SuperTokens' pre-built auth UI - accessible regardless of auth state
        - `/dashboard`: Protected route requiring authentication

3. **Home Component (`/Home`)**

    - Public landing page accessible to all users
    - Provides navigation to authentication and dashboard
    - Displays basic application information and links

> 4. **Dashboard Component (`/Dashboard`)**

Reviewer 2: casing difference in path (compared to the "main routes" list above.

    - Sets up the routing structure using `react-router-dom`
    - Wraps the application with necessary providers:
        - `SuperTokensWrapper`: Manages auth state and session

>         - `ComponentWrapper`: Provides auth UI customization for specific auth recipes. For example, if you choose to use the `ThirdPartyPasswordless` recipe, the `ComponentWrapper` will provide the UI customization for the passwordless login flow (the SMS delivery, in particular).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - `ComponentWrapper`: Provides auth UI customization for specific auth recipes. For example, if you choose to use the `ThirdPartyPasswordless` recipe, the `ComponentWrapper` will provide the UI customization for the passwordless login flow (showing a disclaimer about the SMS delivery in demo apps).
```
